unit_sales_in_millions
total_children
avg_cars_at_home_approx
num_children_at_home
SRP
net_weight
recyclable_package
low_fat
units_per_case
grocery_sqft
frozen_sqft
coffee_bar
video_store
prepared_food
florist
food_family_Drink
food_family_Food
food_family_Non-Consumable
promotion_name_Bag Stuffers
promotion_name_Best Savings
promotion_name_Big Promo
promotion_name_Big Time Discounts
promotion_name_Big Time Savings
promotion_name_Bye Bye Baby
promotion_name_Cash Register Lottery
promotion_name_Coupon Spectacular
promotion_name_Dimes Off
promotion_name_Dollar Cutters
promotion_name_Dollar Days
promotion_name_Double Down Sale
promotion_name_Double Your Savings
promotion_name_Fantastic Discounts
promotion_name_Free For All
promotion_name_Go For It
promotion_name_Green Light Days
promotion_name_Green Light Special
promotion_name_High Roller Savings
promotion_name_I Cant Believe It Sale
promotion_name_Money Savers
promotion_name_Mystery Sale
promotion_name_One Day Sale
promotion_name_Pick Your Savings
promotion_name_Price Cutters
promotion_name_Price Destroyers
promotion_name_Price Savers
promotion_name_Price Slashers
promotion_name_Price Smashers
promotion_name_Price Winners
promotion_name_Sale Winners
promotion_name_Sales Days
promotion_name_Sales Galore
promotion_name_Save-It Sale
promotion_name_Saving Days
promotion_name_Savings Galore
promotion_name_Shelf Clearing Days
promotion_name_Shelf Emptiers
promotion_name_Super Duper Savers
promotion_name_Super Savers
promotion_name_Super Wallet Savers
promotion_name_Three for One
promotion_name_Tip Top Savings
promotion_name_Two Day Sale
promotion_name_Two for One
promotion_name_Unbeatable Price Savers
promotion_name_Wallet Savers
promotion_name_Weekend Markdown
promotion_name_You Save Days
sales_country_Canada
sales_country_Mexico
sales_country_USA
marital_status_M
marital_status_S
gender_F
gender_M
education_Bachelors Degree
education_Graduate Degree
education_High School Degree
education_Partial College
education_Partial High School
member_card_Bronze
member_card_Golden
member_card_Normal
member_card_Silver
occupation_Clerical
occupation_Management
occupation_Manual
occupation_Professional
occupation_Skilled Manual
houseowner_N
houseowner_Y
avg_yearly_income_$10K - $30K
avg_yearly_income_$110K - $130K
avg_yearly_income_$130K - $150K
avg_yearly_income_$150K +
avg_yearly_income_$30K - $50K
avg_yearly_income_$50K - $70K
avg_yearly_income_$70K - $90K
avg_yearly_income_$90K - $110K
store_type_Deluxe Supermarket
store_type_Gourmet Supermarket
store_type_Mid-Size Grocery
store_type_Small Grocery
store_type_Supermarket
store_city_Acapulco
store_city_Bellingham
store_city_Beverly Hills
store_city_Bremerton
store_city_Camacho
store_city_Guadalajara
store_city_Hidalgo
store_city_Los Angeles
store_city_Merida
store_city_Mexico City
store_city_Orizaba
store_city_Portland
store_city_Salem
store_city_San Francisco
store_city_Seattle
store_city_Spokane
store_city_Tacoma
store_city_Vancouver
store_city_Victoria
store_state_BC
store_state_CA
store_state_DF
store_state_Guerrero
store_state_Jalisco
store_state_OR
store_state_Veracruz
store_state_WA
store_state_Yucatan
store_state_Zacatecas
media_type_Bulk Mail
media_type_Cash Register Handout
media_type_Daily Paper
media_type_Daily Paper, Radio
media_type_Daily Paper, Radio, TV
media_type_In-Store Coupon
media_type_Product Attachment
media_type_Radio
media_type_Street Handout
media_type_Sunday Paper
media_type_Sunday Paper, Radio
media_type_Sunday Paper, Radio, TV
media_type_TV